in this video I'm going to show you how
to make it very very very simple five
ingredient if you include salt and
pepper hummus dip to my food processor
I'm going to add a can of garbanzo beans
or chickpeas next I'm gonna add a whole
bowl of roasted garlic now all I did
this is the green garlic that I got from
my CSA so it's not as strong at least I
don't think as regular garlic all I did
is wrapped it in some tinfoil drew it in
the oven cooked it for about an hour and
then this doesn't dish as well as some
of the other but what you can do with
roasted garlic is you just squeeze it
and it comes out as a paste you can see
all that and this is a little different
because it's not mature garlic I don't
think it's strong so I'm actually going
to use two bulbs of it now I'm going to
salt and pepper it just to taste and add
some olive oil
I'm probably gonna end up adding more
texture
just keep letting and going to get the
texture that you want probably gonna add
a little bit more I'm add a little more
olive oil but here's the texture that
I'm working with right now taste it see
if it needs anything else
that's pretty good so that's it super
simple right it makes a great great dip
and here is the finished product
you could add roasted bell peppers or
really anything you like to your hummus
but this is just a very simple roasted
garlic recipe if you have any questions
let me know otherwise I hope you enjoy
Hey